Update doc for export db default format (#377)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/migrate/index.md

- `Data files`: These files contain the actual database data (in CSV or Parquet format).

The parameters for `EXPORT DATABASE` are the same as those used
when running [`COPY TO`](https://docs.kuzudb.com/export/) statements. The example below shows how to export a database using default configurations.
```cypher
EXPORT DATABASE '/path/to/export'
```

> Table data is exported as `PARQUET` format by default for better compatibility and performance, however the `format` parameter can be used to change the output format of exported table data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behaviour is to export the data tables to Parquet format. This is done to reduce scope of formatting errors and to improve performance. You can use the `format` parameter to output to other formats, for e.g. CSV.
```
